[faint cheering]
[faint chanting]
[crowd cheering]
-[whistle blows]
-[crowd noises abruptly end]
["Dancing with Myself"
by Billy Idol playing]
笙ｪOn the floors of Tokyo笙ｪ
笙ｪOr down in London town to go. go笙ｪ
笙ｪWell. I wait so long
for my love vibration笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪWhen there's nothing to lose
and there's nothing to prove笙ｪ
笙ｪWell. I'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I looked all over the world笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd there's every type of girl笙ｪ
笙ｪBut your empty eyes seem to pass me by笙ｪ
笙ｪLeave me dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪSo let's sink another drink笙ｪ
笙ｪ'Cause it'll give me time to think笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I'd be dancing with myself. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. oh笙ｪ
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
笙ｪIf I looked all over the world笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd there's every type of girl笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I'd be dancing with myself. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪDancing with myself. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪDancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd if I had the chance
You looking for someone?
Fuck. N-No. I窶ｦ
S-Sorry.
[upbeat rock music playing]
[sighs]
[professor] In my class.
average actually means average.
That is why 70% of you got a C+ or lower.
It's a fucking jock class.
Like. why am I being forced to try?
-I probably failed.
-Oh. I definitely did.
[laughs]
You think we can still drop it. bro?
I can't. I need this for my major.
Relax. I'm sure your coach
will convince Tolbert
to get creative with their grading system.
Jocks. So pretty.
So entitled.
Aren't you above stereotypes?
Babe. I'm trying to be below
one of those stereotypes.
Maybe behind.
And none of you star athletes
should expect any special treatment.
You knew what
your practice schedule looked like
before you signed up for this class.
Mr. Maxwell.
Me? No. I was just curious
about extra credit opportunities
to. you know. learn more.
You can learn from your next assignment.
Oral presentations.
-[students groaning]
-Okay. yeah. Definitely dropping.
Thanks.
[Dexter] Perfect. Another D.
So. how'd you do?
Not good.
Girl. really?
Yeah. I wrote it in like an hour. so窶ｦ
Fucking hell. you aced it?
I knew it. Show me.
-Do you mind?
-What?
Only you get to look at things
you shouldn't?
[professor]
Okay. now that we got that covered.
anybody want to hazard a guess
as to what we will be discussing today?
[inaudible]
[Dexter]
There goes your manic pixie dream boy.
[Hannah] Justin Kohl is not my anything.
-It's not too late.
-[chuckles]
It's not too late.
[Hannah] You are intolerable.
Did she do it?
Did she talk to Justin Kohl?
No. no. she's too busy
pining wistfully from afar.
He has literally no idea who I am. okay?
Am I supposed to just fling myself at him?
-[both] Yes.
-[Garrett] Mona!
I've said maybe two words to the guy.
and they weren't even good words.
Hannah. you love his music
and you've been crushing on him for weeks.
Sound check's at five. You're on at nine.
Okay. eight words ever.
-[chuckles]
-Hey. Mona.
Who-- Who's Mona?
I think you.
I-I'm not Mona.
It is an M. though. right?
Not even close.
What do you want. Garrett Graham?
Petals to walk on?
Maybe another fancy gym
that costs thousands of dollars.
even though the theater department
is literally falling apart.
So. uh. I failed that paper.
It sounds like a lot of people did.
And I was thinking it'd be great
if I didn't fail again.
So窶ｦ
Was there a question in there?
A question. I don't think
I heard a question. no.
You guys are late for scene study.
Go. I'll see you at dinner.
-[laughs]
-Bye. Mona.
I need your help.
Wow.
What?
See. usually with questions.
voices kind of go up at the end.
And your voice didn't do that. so窶ｦ
Okay. could you.
pretty please with sugar on top.
help me study
so that I don't fail spectacularly?
Better. But no.
[chuckles]
Come on. Do me a solid.
I mean. you kind of owe me
for that sneak peek.
-That was an honest mistake.
-Was it?
I mean. tons of girls would have paid
good money for the view you got. so窶ｦ
I'm scarred for life.
If anything. you owe me.
[scoffs]
Well. I have to ace the oral presentation.
or I can't play.
Believe it or not. I have priorities
that have nothing to do with hockey.
Find another tutor. dude.
["Rich" by Bea and Her Business playing]
笙ｪTurns out I'm still 20笙ｪ
笙ｪWhen I'm acting middle-aged笙ｪ
笙ｪSame old conversation笙ｪ
笙ｪAll the small talk that I hate笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I never thought I'd say it笙ｪ
笙ｪBut I'm sick of everyone笙ｪ
笙ｪI need to sweat it out笙ｪ
笙ｪI need to have some fun笙ｪ
笙ｪGet the girls in the car
take the car to the club笙ｪ
笙ｪGirls gonna dance
and the boys gonna love笙ｪ
笙ｪThis. licking their lips笙ｪ
笙ｪWishing they had
their big-boy hands all on my hips笙ｪ
笙ｪEverybody's on some drugs.
everybody wants some love笙ｪ
笙ｪI don't want shit
I don't need to chase that hit笙ｪ
笙ｪLong as I got my boys and girls
I'm rich窶ｦ笙ｪ
Shit.
[orchestra playing classical music]
[mouthing]
Hey. You wanted to talk to me?
If this is about being late.
I have a new idea for a shortcut.
Oh.
Oh. you have your bad news face.
It's your scholarship.
It's not happening this year.
-What?
-Budget cuts.
Don't even get me started.
No. we're three weeks into the semester.
How-- How can--
No. No. they can't. No.
We'll get you an appointment
with the financial aid office.
They can help.
They're just gonna give me
another work-study job.
I can barely do
all my schoolwork as it is.
Oh. my God.
Okay. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Don't stop breathing.
You need air to process and live.
Yeah. I also need money.
Is there another scholarship
I could apply for?
Another classical composition scholarship?
Well. I could switch concentrations.
Performance?
Girl. we both know you're a much
stronger composer than clarinetist.
and there's no money in classical.
Well. jazz. Jazz. I could write jazz.
Even less money. right?
What do I do?
Well. let's chat again on Monday after
you've had a few days to sit with this.
Hey. Hannah. we're gonna
get through it. okay?
I could write pop.
First place comes
with a scholarship. right?
Right. but--
You just said that I'm a stronger composer
than clarinetist moments ago.
And I wrote an outstanding piece
on pop harmonies in your
music theory class freshman year.
-I mean. your word. "outstanding."
-[laughs] It's true.
Not many people can write so eloquently
about the harmonic vocal identities
in the work of One Direction.
Yeah. see? Yeah. I can totally pop.
How hard can it be. really?
Famous last words.
because the competition.
it's pretty steep.
No. I can do this.
I will do this.
Okay.
Bring some ideas into class.
-And we'll talk.
-Okay.
[breathing heavily]
[Tucker] Dean!
[rock music playing]
Dean!
Where are you at?
Do not give me the silent treatment.
He's taking the world's longest shower.
-Still?
-At least the door's shut this time.
Logan. drain's clogged again.
No shit. Finish your fucking shower.
I'll come fix it.
Dean. come help with the kegs.
I told you. I'll be right down.
Yeah. but when?
You want me to come down naked. Tucker?
Because I'll do it.
He sure will.
Never mind. Forget I asked.
Maybe Garrett will help.
Where the fuck is Garrett?
-Hmm.
-Guys?
-[Garrett] Hey. what's up. buddy?
-[man 1] What's up. G?
-[woman] Hi. Garrett.
-[man 2] Garrett!
-[woman 2] Hey!
-[Garrett] Hey.
[woman 3] Hi.
-Yo. Garrett. What up?
-What's up. bud?
Can't wait for the
Eastwood game tomorrow.
-Ladies.
-Hey.
Oh. it's Garrett.
Deanie.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[loud music blaring]
-Smells good. Tuck.
-Thank you.
Dean? Dean.
Dude. can't you see I'm cooking. man?
Same. bro.
[Logan] I just fixed the shower. Again.
Give you one guess.
Oh. jeez.
Well. that could be anyone.
Fuck. dude.
It's obviously yours. bud.
-Don't look at me.
-What?
Shower sex is hot.
So the next time a drain gets clogged
in this house. you get to fix it.
Yeah. like Dean's ever snaked a drain.
Have you ever snaked a drain?
I know what snaking a drain is.
I mean. that counts. right?
Hey. what are these dainty
fucking sandwiches you're making. Tuck?
It's a house party. We need dippables.
[Logan] I'm sorry. did you just--?
Yeah. he just said "dippables"?
-Dippables.
-Dippables!
Okay.
Dippables.
[overlapping chatter]
None for you. Logan.
if you're gonna make fun of my food.
Dude. it's beautiful. man.
They look great.
-[music blaring]
-What are we listening to?
[turns music off]
["Nothin' but a Good Time"
by Poison playing]
There we go.
Hey. can you play something
from this millennium. please?
This is a classic.
笙ｪNow listen笙ｪ
笙ｪNot a dime. I can't pay my rent笙ｪ
笙ｪI can barely make it through the week笙ｪ
I would not have pegged you
for an oldies guy.
Kendall.
Graham.
I brought you a refill.
One's my max
night before a game.
So strict.
Are you also strict about
non-alcoholic kinds of fun?
Like what?
[band playing rock music]
笙ｪI'm so into you I can barely breathe笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd all I want to do
is to fall in deep笙ｪ
笙ｪClose ain't close enough
til we cross the line窶ｦ笙ｪ
Hey. so for your pop showcase
tour de force.
are we feeling vocal vibes or mayhem?
I don't know. I feel like I'm more
of a Taylor than a Gaga.
You haven't fallen in love
enough times to be a Taylor.
Yes. I have.
With who?
-Okay. fine.
-Exactly.
You never have crushes.
The fact that you are down bad
for Justin Kohl
is totally a sign that he's special.
So be Taylor and do something about it.
笙ｪA little less conversation笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd a little more touch my body笙ｪ
笙ｪ'Cause I'm so into you笙ｪ
笙ｪInto you. into you窶ｦ笙ｪ
Have you seen him?
He's so much easier
to look at than talk to.
Come on. just because he can
play the guitar and has tiny tattoos
doesn't make him
some untouchable rock god.
What are you afraid of?
I-I don't know.
Okay. maybe I talk to him.
and his accent makes me melt.
and it goes terribly.
Or he's just not interested.
and then I never feel this way
about anyone ever again.
Or maybe窶ｦ
Or maybe?
I'm not you. Allie
I can't just find a husband
day one of college.
I can't talk to a guy
like it's no big deal.
I walked in on Garrett Graham
in the shower.
and I fell over a laundry cart.
-You did what?
-I don't want to talk about it.
You saw Garrett Graham naked?
-What did he look like?
-He looked naked.
And then I fell. which is my point.
I can't do this.
Oh. okay. I have an idea.
Literally everyone's going
to block party tomorrow.
including Justin. probably.
When's an easier time
to talk to a guy than a party?
Well. I don't like parties.
But you love music.
No. I need to work on my showcase song.
-That's an excuse. and you know it.
-No. it's not.
I want to present a demo
in my class next week.
So pull an all-nighter.
I think I'm spending the night
at Sean's anyway.
You'll have the place to yourself.
-But I--
-No. Hannah.
I'm not letting you
off the hook this time.
If you want to be a Taylor.
you have to take a risk.
笙ｪI'm so into you笙ｪ
笙ｪInto you. into you笙ｪ
笙ｪInto you. into you窶ｦ笙ｪ
["Body on Me" by Nxidia playing]
笙ｪI want you like the pills
behind the counter that hit笙ｪ
笙ｪI want you so bad
my fingers shook with it笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd we could have
all of the money in the world笙ｪ
笙ｪBut all the money the in world
couldn't buy us this笙ｪ
笙ｪYou're somebody else笙ｪ
[singing in Arabic]
笙ｪThey don't know. but we will笙ｪ
笙ｪI change my hair.
you change your clothes笙ｪ
笙ｪMy cheap tattoos. they feel like home笙ｪ
笙ｪKiss me 'til my lips are bruised笙ｪ
笙ｪI promise no one's watching you笙ｪ
笙ｪNot just a body. you're somebody.
what a body笙ｪ
笙ｪYou're somebody to me笙ｪ
笙ｪNot just a body. you're somebody.
what a body笙ｪ
笙ｪWant your body on me笙ｪ
笙ｪNot just a body. you're somebody.
what a body笙ｪ
笙ｪYou're somebody to me笙ｪ
笙ｪNot just a body. you're somebody.
what a body笙ｪ
笙ｪWant your body on me笙ｪ
笙ｪIt's ironic and it might take you
by surprise笙ｪ
笙ｪMy boxer shorts are super dry笙ｪ
笙ｪI change my hair.
you change your clothes笙ｪ
笙ｪMy cheap tattoos. they feel like home笙ｪ
笙ｪPeople talk but I don't care笙ｪ
笙ｪSo can you run your fingers
through my hair?笙ｪ
笙ｪPeople talk. I know they do笙ｪ
笙ｪLet's let them talk about me and you笙ｪ
笙ｪNot a body. not a body笙ｪ
笙ｪYou're somebody to me笙ｪ
笙ｪNot just a body. you're somebody笙ｪ
笙ｪWhat a body. you're somebody to me笙ｪ
-笙ｪWhat a body. you're somebody to me笙ｪ
-Oh!
Ugh! [sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
I've missed you.
-[laughs]
-[cell phone chimes]
I've been busy at practice.
Yeah. no. it's-it's not a judgment.
I just missed you.
Hm.
Did you miss me?
Um窶ｦ [chuckles]
Wow.
Okay. guess I misread this.
No.
Well. I mean. yeah. you kind of did.
But. you know. Kendall.
I've been very up-front.
My whole life is morning workouts.
class. practice. repeat.
The whole team has practice.
Garrett. okay?
-They still have lives.
-Yeah.
I mean. well. none of them
were drafted by the Bruins.
So you're special.
That's not窶ｦ
No. I was just made captain.
So the Bruins are watching every game.
How I play. how I behave.
I can't lose focus.
So like I said before.
all I can offer is casual.
Yeah. well. I don't
want that anymore. okay?
I窶ｦ I want to be your girlfriend.
Why?
Hey. I mean. like. what I mean is窶ｦ
What's my favorite band?
My major?
How do I like my coffee?
What's my mother's name?
Look. I don't know
any of those answers about you either.
so maybe窶ｦ
you just want to be with the guy
headed to the NHL.
or you've deluded yourself
into thinking that I'm someone
I never pretended to be.
But. um. either way.
you deserve better.
Fuck you. Garrett.
[door opening]
Yeah. fuck me.
[door closes]
[sighs]
["Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap"
by AC/DC playing]
[TV host 1] There's a lot of hype
around these young guys.
The Bruins are putting a lot of faith.
a lot of stock in Garrett Graham.
[TV host 2] He has the ability
and the potential
-to be a generational player.
-[TV host 1] Wow. really?
Garrett is the type of player
who has that tenacity.
but I'm betting
that Garrett Graham proves me right.
笙ｪIf you got a lady and you want her gone笙ｪ
笙ｪBut you ain't got the guts笙ｪ
笙ｪShe keeps nagging at you night and day笙ｪ
笙ｪEnough to drive you nuts笙ｪ
笙ｪFor a fee. I'm happy to be笙ｪ
笙ｪYour backdoor man笙ｪ
笙ｪWhoo笙ｪ
笙ｪDirty deeds笙ｪ
笙ｪDone dirt cheap笙ｪ
笙ｪDirty deeds done dirt窶ｦ笙ｪ
That was a good one. that was a good one.
Oh. I take it back!
笙ｪDirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap笙ｪ
Move! Move! Come on! Come on!
笙ｪOh笙ｪ
Go big. bro!
Bang. bang.
You know what I mean?
Come on!
Move! Move! Come on!
笙ｪDirty deeds笙ｪ
笙ｪDirty deeds done dirt cheap笙ｪ
笙ｪYeah笙ｪ
We weren't dating.
You kind of were.
Yeah. you and Kendall
have been hooking up all semester.
-House says窶ｦ
-[all] Aye!
Nay.
-Nay.
-Okay. Dean agrees with you.
Which kind of just proves you're wrong.
-Fuck.
-You know.
I don't have to take this slander.
I am a responsible.
upstanding member of society.
[woman] Dean?
I'll be ready in 30 minutes.
Thirty minutes?
-[Dean] Maybe an hour?
-[Tucker] That's ambitious.
All right. he gets a half hour.
If he's any longer. we're leaving.
-[Logan] Thanks. Tuck.
-Yes. sir.
[Logan] Is it your dad?
Yeah.
[clears throat]
Yeah. he's got a new girlfriend.
Wants me to meet her.
Ah. That's inevitable. right?
Look. I know he can be a dick.
-Oh. he's more than a dick.
-Okay.
But he's still your dad.
All he cares about is hockey.
You know. I only matter
because I am him.
I'm just a mini fucking Phil Graham.
Yeah. man. I mean. all you'd have to do
is win a Stanley Cup.
a Norris Trophy or two.
spend more time on your hair
than a Kardashian.
and bam. yeah. just like him.
[laughs]
Hey.
Your dad was great.
Everybody knows it.
But no one is expecting you to be him.
He is.
All our parents have expectations. G.
Shit. I'd kill for my dad
to be into hockey.
let alone a damn legend.
All right?
But we're not doing this for them.
We're doing this because we love it.
Right?
-[horn blows]
-[crowd cheering]
Yeah.
Thanks. man.
-[glasses clink]
-Now take a shower. You smell like shit.
[sighs]
[playing piano notes]
-Hi.
-[both chuckle]
You're in here.
Yeah. I can't pull an all-nighter
in my room or I'll fall asleep.
Fair enough.
How's it going?
I have a melody. No lyrics. though.
Well. that's great.
That's like halfway done. right?
No. not really.
Lyrics are kind of a big thing in pop.
That's why classical is easier.
Dude. I have seen your sheet music.
Classical is not easier.
Definitely is.
Have you ever written a pop song before?
Not since high school.
It'll come back to you.
Like riding a bike.
Yeah. maybe. [sighs]
Hey.
Be nice to my friend Hannah.
You just started writing.
These things take time. right?
[sighs]
What if I can't. Al?
What if I write a terrible song
and I fail the pop showcase
and I can't afford
my tuition next semester?
Like. what if you're right?
If I don't fall in love.
I can't be a Taylor
that can write a perfect song
about love and life and heartbreak.
Hey. hey. you are setting the bar
way too high.
I mean. of course
you're gonna fall in love.
Someday.
Maybe it'll be with Justin.
Maybe someone else.
No. I've just been staring
at this blank page all night.
and I have literally no idea
what it should be about.
What did you write about in high school?
-What?
-You said you wrote in high school.
What did you write about?
[breathing heavily]
Hannah?
Uh窶ｦ nothing.
It's dumb.
Well. something will come to you. okay?
-Just give it time.
-Yeah.
Hey. out of curiosity.
you weren't supposed to open
at Malone's today. right?
Shit!
[upbeat music playing]
[Della] There you are.
Sorry. Della.
[Della] It's about time.
I ain't as young as I fucking used to be.
I can't handle this
all on my own. you know?
I know. I'm sorry.
Hey.
[inaudible]
Uh. hello.
Hi.
Hi. Hi.
Picking up a takeaway order
for Justin Kohl.
Y-Yeah. No. I-I know who you are.
We've spoken kind of. Um窶ｦ
Your-- Your band is really good.
Yeah. thanks.
I'm not like a creepy stalker fan
or anything.
I work here. so I've heard you.
Figured. The uniform.
Right. [laughs]
"I carried a watermelon."
-[laughing]
-What?
It's Dirty Dancing?
Um. Jennifer Grey has this really
awkward moment with Patrick Swayze
when. uh窶ｦ
Sorry. never mind. Obviously. I work here.
[laughs]
Look. I'm kind of in a rush. Can I窶ｦ?
Oh. my God. yeah. Yeah. sorry.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Bye.
Smooth.
"I carried a watermelon"?
Did anyone ever tell you
that eavesdropping is rude?
that your references are dated?
It's a classic.
I just came over here to see
if I could place an order.
Or is it like a self-serve kind of day?
I'll be right with you.
You shouldn't fawn over him.
-What?
-That guy.
You're too available.
Like the girls throwing themselves
at you over there.
That's a different scenario.
I don't do girlfriends. They know that.
Okay. well. congratulations. Casanova.
But I don't need your help.
-Refill?
-Yeah. please.
What if I paid you?
To take your dating advice?
To tutor me. nerd.
You could just ask my name.
Usually. girls just tell me.
Come on. I'll pay you anything.
You're the only one who got an A.
So?
So. I need to play.
Why? Because you get off
on beating people up?
What?
Hockey is the only non-combat sport that
doesn't eject its players for fighting.
It celebrates it.
When a team is down in points.
an actual strategy
is to pick a fight for morale.
Sorry.
I'm sure you're not a bad guy.
I just don't like hockey.
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[laughter]
[hip-hop music playing over radio]
Hey.
Just talk to him.
You'll be all right.
[keys jingle]
[Dean] Papa Graham.
Di Laurentis.
Great hit on McManus last week.
Bet that kid felt it in his bones.
Well. you know. got to keep them
off my boys' back.
I like it.
Tucker. you're looking good out there.
You're really finding
your rhythm with the line.
Thanks. Mr. Graham.
Will we see you in the stands
this afternoon?
Wouldn't miss it.
[Logan] Mr. Graham.
Logan.
[Phil] Looking handsome as ever.
You too. man. Good to see you.
[Phil] Oh.
[chuckles]
Saw that you made captain.
About time.
-I'm a junior.
-Well. better late than never.
Did you drive out here to congratulate me.
or make me feel like I fucked up somehow?
Look. I tried calling you earlier.
but you don't answer窶ｦ
I'm not here to fight.
Can we just go inside?
No. No. thanks.
-Garrett.
-Dad.
Fine.
Cindy and I are getting married.
You've been dating for. like. two seconds.
-Six months.
-That's not any better.
Does she even fucking know you?
-Watch it.
-I don't have any time for this.
-We have a game today.
-I know.
Eastwood. Our biggest rivals.
-She wants to meet you.
-Your timing is fucking shit.
If you would just--
I didn't answer my phone
because I don't want to talk to you.
You told me your news. Congratulations.
I'll see you at the wedding.
笙ｪMake you a man and make you an animal笙ｪ
-笙ｪBoy笙ｪ
-笙ｪFor real笙ｪ
笙ｪBoy笙ｪ
笙ｪStarin' at fate.
I'm in the lead and I'm breaking away笙ｪ
[announcer]
Please welcome your very own
Briar U Hawks!
笙ｪ窶ｦplayin' it safe笙ｪ
笙ｪSurveillance the way
that they runnin' my tapes笙ｪ
笙ｪGot hoes in a craze like the old B2K.
chaos whenever I touch down. no brakes笙ｪ
笙ｪMe and HB. it's an instant slap
an instant plaque. a system crash笙ｪ
笙ｪI pitched it black and risked the max
and anything less. I can't live with that笙ｪ
笙ｪHunger for more
and I still got the cravin'笙ｪ
笙ｪWhat you know 'bout
when the walls get to cavin'?笙ｪ
笙ｪWhat you know 'bout stayin' silent
and patient笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd workin' out kinks before kinks
work their way in窶ｦ笙ｪ
[TV host 2]
I think he has the potential. honestly.
to have a bigger impact
than Phil ever had.
[TV host 1] All right. I can't wait
to hear what Phil has to say about that.
笙ｪStarin' at fate
I'm in the lead and I'm breaking away笙ｪ
笙ｪIf you not working
you takin' up space笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm at the table. a thousand a plate笙ｪ
笙ｪHow you gon' tell me this isn't a date笙ｪ
笙ｪDown the street from the Denzel estate笙ｪ
笙ｪRight 'round the corner from Babyface
Not my dawg Babyface Ray. I mean--笙ｪ
笙ｪI mean. swerve笙ｪ
笙ｪI know money ain't everything. fuck it.
we still want it窶ｦ笙ｪ
[TV host 2]
Garrett Graham is a bigger player.
I think he can play that mean.
physical. game.
But he needs to be consistent.
[Logan] Bring it home. G!
[crowd groans]
Hey. come on. bro. Get your head in it.
笙ｪThis ain't a tour. this a tournament笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I was stuck in a room
with your shit on repeat窶ｦ笙ｪ
[TV host 1] His dad certainly taught him
everything he knows. right?
Phil Graham's physicality was brutal.
I mean. he's always on the warpath.
Making Daddy proud. Graham?
笙ｪTake this shit where I wanna go窶ｦ笙ｪ
Fuck!
笙ｪMake you a million
and make you a hunnid more窶ｦ笙ｪ
-[thudding]
-[grunting]
[slamming and crunching]
[whistle blows]
[referee]
Boarding. five minutes.
Let's go. Graham. Get in the box.
-[yelling]
-[crowd] Oh!
[TV host 1] I am curious to see what kind
of player Garrett Graham turns out to be.
笙ｪYeah. fuck you expect. bitch?笙ｪ
-He said that?
-You know Garrett.
he doesn't do the girlfriend thing.
He also doesn't do
the repeat hookups thing.
-You've been hooking up since summer.
-Whatever.
And honestly. he's playing like shit.
[man] Yo. Graham's playing like shit.
[Delaney]
I told you they're fucking losers.
Ha-ha. Let's hope they keep at it.
We'll destroy them.
Hell. yeah. let me get some of that.
Delaney.
Gotcha. bro.
[distorted audio playing]
[pulsing sound]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[overlapping chatter]
-[grunts]
-[all] Whoa.
Hey. Garrett!
-Hey. the game's not over!
-[door slams]
[sighs and sniffles]
["The Bitch Is Back"
by Elton John playing]
[inhales deeply and exhales]
[playing along with the song]
[music playing faintly]
笙ｪI was justified when I was five笙ｪ
笙ｪRaising Cain. I spit in your eye笙ｪ
笙ｪTimes are changing. now the poor get fat笙ｪ
笙ｪBut the fever's gonna catch you
when the bitch gets back笙ｪ
笙ｪOh-oh-oh笙ｪ
笙ｪEat meat on a Friday. that's all right笙ｪ
笙ｪI even like steak on a Saturday night笙ｪ
笙ｪOoh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪI get high in the evening
sniffing pots of glue笙ｪ
笙ｪOoh-ooh-ooh笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm a bitch. I'm a bitch笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. the bitch is back笙ｪ
笙ｪStone-cold sober. as a matter of fact笙ｪ
笙ｪI can bitch. I can bitch.
'cause I'm better than you笙ｪ
-笙ｪIt's the way that I move笙ｪ
-Whoo!
笙ｪIt's the things that I do. oh-oh-oh笙ｪ
[crowd cheering]
笙ｪHey. hey. hey. hey笙ｪ
笙ｪI entertain by picking brains笙ｪ
笙ｪSell my soul by dropping names笙ｪ
笙ｪI don't like those. my God. what's that?笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. it's full of nasty habits
when the bitch gets back笙ｪ
笙ｪOh-oh-oh笙ｪ
[song cuts out]
[sighs]
笙ｪI'm a bitch. I'm a bitch.
oh. the bitch is back笙ｪ
笙ｪStone-cold sober. as a matter of fact笙ｪ
笙ｪI can bitch. I can bitch窶ｦ笙ｪ
[Garrett] Thanks. Deanie!
Logan. Logan.
Here we go. Here we go.
-Hey. Tuck.
-笙ｪWhoa笙ｪ
-笙ｪHey. hey. hey. hey笙ｪ
-Your sub!
Whoo!
-Yes!
-[crowd cheers]
笙ｪOh. oh. oh笙ｪ
Welcome back. man!
Yeah. I thought we lost you
for a minute there.
笙ｪI'm a bitch. I'm a bitch.
oh. the bitch is back笙ｪ
笙ｪStone-cold sober. as a matter of fact笙ｪ
笙ｪI can bitch. I can bitch.
'cause I'm better than you笙ｪ
笙ｪIt's the way that I move笙ｪ
-笙ｪThe things that I do. oh-oh-oh笙ｪ
-[buzzer sounding]
笙ｪHey. hey. yeah笙ｪ
Whoo!
笙ｪBitch. bitch笙ｪ
笙ｪThe bitch is back笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. hey. bitch. bitch笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. bitch. bitch窶ｦ笙ｪ
[players cheering]
[man on video]
It's not on the one. It's not the mambo.
It's a feeling. A heartbeat.
[imitating heartbeat]
Don't try so hard.
-[imitating heartbeat]
-[knock on door]
Close your eyes.
-What are you doing?
-Watching a movie.
I mean. why are you in bed?
-[knock on door]
-Because I'm watching a movie.
[Allie] But we talked about this.
You promised.
Sean. convince Hannah
to come out with us.
Sean. tell Allie I have zero interest.
Also. I've had a long day.
and I'm watching a movie.
No. you're watching Dirty Dancing.
which means you're burrowing.
Hi. babe. Good to see you too.
Whatever. Hi. I love you.
Now convince Hannah to come out.
It's block party. Hannah.
[Sean] If you don't give in now.
she'll just keep at it until you do.
And if you still don't.
she'll text you all night.
distracting you.
Well. the power of "do not disturb."
That doesn't matter. She's coming.
I don't--
What just happened?
Justin Kohl just happened.
-Uh. Dexter's already there.
-And so is Justin fucking Kohl.
And he's there alone.
which means Hannah's gonna slide right in.
-No. no. I have nothing to wear.
-[Allie] Okay.
Well. that's not even remotely true.
Come on. I'll pick out your outfit.
You just do your makeup.
But really try to look hot. Hannah.
Do I not normally?
You just look窶ｦ
Sean. help me.
I plead the Fifth.
Fine. okay. I'll do your makeup too.
Just hustle before Justin leaves.
[upbeat rock music playing]
[crowd cheering]
[band playing "Soup" by Remi Wolf]
笙ｪStay. stick around笙ｪ
笙ｪPlease don't窶ｦ笙ｪ
-Hey.
Oh! Ooh!
Yes. bitch!
That is what I'm talking about. honey.
Okay. don't look now.
but Justin is right--
I just said don't look now.
Now you have to go over there.
No. I talked to him earlier.
It was not good.
Just-- Just stop overthinking this.
You know. this is why we pregame.
Now put on your big-girl pants
and go talk to him.
I can get us more shots if you need them.
Liquid courage.
-No peer pressure.
-How is that--?
Hannah's friend from high school
that got roofied?
We are not pressuring Hannah
to drink in public.
We are only pressuring Hannah
to finally talk to Justin fucking Kohl.
Right?
Fine. But can we dance first?
[Allie] Hell yeah. we can.
笙ｪOh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪI don't want to live without you笙ｪ
-笙ｪI don't want to live without you笙ｪ
-Thank you so much.
[continues singing]
You know. if you pick your head
up three inches.
there's a party.
The waitress from Malone's.
what's her name?
It's Hannah.
[laughs] What?
Idiot.
Dude. she's waited on us
like 17.000 times.
Who. she has?
Yeah. you seriously haven't noticed her?
[laughs]
All right. we're doing shots.
We're doing shots. boys.
Come on.
Bro. I'm watching you spill it.
-Come on. buddy.
-Have some faith.
[Logan] Thank you very much.
-Take your tampon out and relax.
-Okay. Yep.
Got a little bit of luck goin' on.
[laughter]
You drinking tonight. G?
Uh. yeah. So it seems.
Okay.
Here's to me. here's to you.
Fuck the rest. we're Briar U.
-Yes. sir. Come on.
-Good one. Deanie.
-笙ｪHoping that I'm getting better笙ｪ
-Cheers. boys.
笙ｪTill I'm笙ｪ
笙ｪDoing business on the top of the roof笙ｪ
笙ｪThey told me to leave笙ｪ
笙ｪBut I don't want to leave without you笙ｪ
笙ｪYou're so patient with the animals too笙ｪ
笙ｪIf you give me your keys.
I'll go and pick up the soup笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪI don't want to live without you笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪI don't want to live without笙ｪ
Thanks so much!
[all cheering]
[band playing laid-back percussive music]
Fuck yeah!
[band playing "Alone in Miami"
by Remi Wolf]
笙ｪSo good. the sound of crypto bros笙ｪ
笙ｪEat in Cubanos by myself笙ｪ
笙ｪMet up with Maine. bought cocaine笙ｪ
笙ｪClothes in the lobby waiting for me笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd I'm on the list with that girl窶ｦ笙ｪ
[Allie] Um. hello?
笙ｪWe're on the rocks but now we're okay笙ｪ
笙ｪPlayin' DJ窶ｦ笙ｪ
[Dean] All yours. princess.
笙ｪ窶ｦin the Escalade笙ｪ
笙ｪYeah. we're okay eatin' sushi
long as Playboy pays笙ｪ
笙ｪAlone in Miami窶ｦ笙ｪ
[faint singing]
[band continues playing]
笙ｪAlone in Miami笙ｪ
笙ｪAlone. alone笙ｪ
笙ｪAlone. alone. alone笙ｪ
-[music ends]
-[crowd cheers]
Okay. you're ready.
-No. I'm not.
-Don't worry. we'll be watching.
Perfect.
Okay. give me your coat.
[band playing "Toro" by Remi Wolf]
-[Dexter] Mm-hmm!
-[Allie] Ooh!
-[Dexter] You got this.
-[Allie] You got it. go!
[sighs]
笙ｪDancing around and spilling wine笙ｪ
笙ｪYou look good窶ｦ笙ｪ
-Yes.
-Fuck.
[crowd cheering]
笙ｪSteam in the shower. singing Sly.
wash your bone笙ｪ
笙ｪWe're gonna need a little bit more soap窶ｦ笙ｪ
[laughter]
[man 2]
Yeah. wet T-shirt contest.
Hey. you-- You okay?
Yeah. uh窶ｦ
[Hannah clears throat]
[stammers]
Stupid shoes.
[both laugh]
I think we got off
on the wrong foot earlier.
I'm a musician too.
Writer. not performer.
Sick. yeah.
What kind of stuff do you write?
Uh. classical. mostly.
Classical.
Uh. but I'm trying out other styles too.
Like pop. folk. R&B.
Uh窶ｦ
rock. electronic.
Uh. but mostly pop. though.
-And classical窶ｦ
-[Garrett] Wellsy.
-Garrett?
-Babe.
I am always telling you to wear
your jacket. You never do.
Oh. no!
No. no. no. You come here.
What窶ｦ?
Hey.
-I'm. uh窶ｦ
-I know who you are. man.
Yeah. you were gnarly at Eastwood today.
-Yeah. Thanks. man.
-[Justin] No worries.
You're a hockey fan?
Uh. yeah. My dad played.
Nothing like Phil Graham
but. uh. yeah. we'd watch together.
You're Hannah. right?
-Yeah.
-Hannah Wells.
Right.
Yeah. well. it was nice
to meet you officially.
-Aww.
-Oh. okay.
[inaudible dialogue]
-See you around.
-[Garrett] Sweet.
Yeah.
What the hell was that?
And how do you suddenly know my name?
Don't worry about it. And you're welcome.
For?
Now Jacob knows you who are.
-Justin.
-[laughs] Whatever.
Look. guys like that only want
what someone else has.
especially when that someone
is a Briar U athlete.
You really have a healthy opinion
of yourself. don't you?
I actually thought that was pretty modest.
I could have said starting center.
team captain.
highest scorer for two seasons straight.
[laughs]
It worked. didn't it?
[romantic music playing]
Why do you care?
I haven't been particularly nice to you.
You're a music major. right?
I saw your Instagram.
You. uh窶ｦ
You sort of disappear when you play.
I don't mean that in a bad way.
I mean. uh. you love it. I can tell.
Don't you love hockey like that?
I don't know.
It's just something窶ｦ
I've always done窶ｦ
to impress my dad.
And does it?
Nothing impresses him.
[laughs]
Not really.
What about your mom?
She. um窶ｦ
uh. she died.
A while back.
Cancer.
Oh. I窶ｦ
Look窶ｦ
I don't believe in favors or shortcuts.
I don't want to pass this class
because somebody handed me the grade.
I want to earn it.
And I'm pretty sure you're the only one
that can help me do that.
So what? I help you study for the midterm.
and you play my fake boyfriend
to get Justin's attention?
Something like that.
Well. you'd still have to pay me.
Obviously.
Don't forget.
I'm not your girl. Graham.
"This is my dance space.
this is your dance space.
I don't go into yours.
you don't come into mine."
You've seen Dirty Dancing.
It was my mom's favorite movie.
Still a dated reference. though.
[laughs] Asshole!
See? Hey. this is why this is perfect.
You're not interested in me.
and I'm not interested in a relationship.
So this arrangement
is mutually beneficial?
Purely transactional.
So?
Deal.
["Dancing with Myself"
by The Donnas playing]
笙ｪOh. oh. dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪDancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪWhen there's nothing to lose
and there's nothing to prove笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh笙ｪ
笙ｪOoh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh笙ｪ
[Garrett] For this plan to work.
we have to sell it.
If we're gonna be fake dating.
there needs to be real kissing.
Whoa. easy. I just met you.
[Garrett] What are we gonna do.
hold hands?
You seriously think that's gonna get
Justin's attention?
-Is he looking?
-No.
[clanking]
He's looking now.
[upbeat music]
This won't make your friendship
weird at all?
[Garrett] If we're gonna convince anyone
that we're hooking up
you can't blush
whenever I come near you.
Get over yourself. I don't blush.
[chuckles] Oh. yeah?
See? Nothing.
Not bad.
[cheering]
Me and you on the Bruins.
That's the dream. right?
Garrett Graham doesn't do girlfriends.
What's really going on?
Oh. my God. Justin's here.
Be cool. You're with me.
[Hannah] He is not just some random guy
I want to hook up with.
He is a talented musician
who I respect.
Why don't you tell me
what you think the song is about.
Like being in love with someone
who doesn't see you.
[Garrett] She's not my girlfriend.
But you clearly want her to be.
[upbeat music continues]
[cheering]
You're not taking us. this. seriously.
[Garrett] Watch the player. not the puck.
[Hannah]
What the hell does that mean?
[Garrett]
It means. trust me.
["Dancing with Myself"
by The Donnas continues]
笙ｪIf I looked all over the world笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd there's every type of girl笙ｪ
笙ｪBut your empty eyes
seem to pass me by笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪSo let's sink another drink笙ｪ
笙ｪIt'll give me time to think笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh. dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪIf there's nothing to lose
and there's nothing to prove笙ｪ
笙ｪI'm dancing with myself笙ｪ
-笙ｪOh. oh-oh笙ｪ
-笙ｪSweat! Sweat! Sweat!笙ｪ
-笙ｪSweat! Sweat!笙ｪ
笙ｪI've looked all over the world笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd there's every type of girl笙ｪ
笙ｪBut your empty eyes
seem to pass me by笙ｪ
笙ｪYou left me dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪSo let's sink another drink笙ｪ
笙ｪIt'll give me time to think笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪI'd be dancing! Dancing!笙ｪ
笙ｪDancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪOh. oh-oh. dancing with myself笙ｪ
笙ｪIf I had the chance
I'd ask the world to dance笙ｪ
笙ｪOoh. ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh笙ｪ
笙ｪOoh. ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh!笙ｪ
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm